I went to a street where the houses were numbered 8k, 16k, 32k, 64k, 128k, 256k and 512k. It was a trip down Memory Lane.
Software developers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own.
If you put a million monkeys at a million keyboards, one of them will eventually write a Java program. The rest of them will write Perl.
Eight bytes walk into a bar. The bartender asks, 'Can I get you anything?' 'Yeah,' replies the bytes. 'Make us a double.'
Eight bytes walk into a bar. The bartender asks, 'Can I get you anything?' 'Yeah,' replies the bytes. 'Make us a double.'
Finding a good PHP developer is like looking for a needle in a haystack. Or is it a hackstack in a needle?
Waiter: Would you like coffee or tea? Programmer: Yes.
What is Benoit B. Mandelbrot's middle name? Benoit B. Mandelbrot.
I've been using Vim for a long time now, mainly because I can't figure out how to exit.
Child: Dad, why does the sun rise in the east and set in the west? Dad: Son, it's working, don't touch it.
Waiter: Would you like coffee or tea? Programmer: Yes.
'Knock, knock.' 'Who's there?' ... very long pause ... 'Java.'
How many QAs does it take to change a lightbulb? They noticed that the room was dark. They don't fix problems, they find them.
There are 2 types of people: those who can extrapolate from incomplete data sets...
I suggested holding a 'Python Object Oriented Programming Seminar', but the acronym was unpopular.
Hardware: The part of a computer that you can kick.
.NET was named .NET so that it wouldn't show up in a Unix directory listing.
Number of days since I have encountered an array index error: -1.
A programmer crashes a car at the bottom of a hill, a bystander asks what happened, he says "No idea. Let's push it back up and try again".
A programmer walks into a bar and orders 1.38 root beers. The bartender informs her it's a root beer float. She says 'Make it a double!'
!false, (It's funny because it's true)
Why do sin and tan work? Just cos.
My friend's in a band called '1023 Megabytes'... They haven't got a gig yet!
Two bytes meet. The first byte asks, 'Are you ill?' The second byte replies, 'No, just feeling a bit off.'
What do you call a programmer from Finland? Nerdic.
Schrodinger's attitude to web development: If I don't look at it in Internet Explorer then there's a chance it looks fine.
If loving you is ROM I don't wanna read write.
What do you call a parrot that says "Squawk! Pieces of nine! Pieces of nine!"? A parrot-ey error.
